https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCO_augYhnO7tF-d4JbSXFuQ Bertram Craft and Wilderness
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCK5R1BsMtGd4DtI5uGQRHIg BestDamnEDC              
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCt_t6FwNsqr3WWoL6dFqG9w BrainCraft
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCTGHqw41qk_WyK3wJK7nweg BrickCrafts               
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCld68syR8Wi-GY_n4CaoJGA BrodyRobertson           
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2C_jShtL725hvbm1arSV9w CGPGrey                  
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCr3cBLTYmIK9kY0F_OdFWFQ CasuallyExplained        
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCAPR27YUyxmgwm3Wc2WSHLw Chris Ware  
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCp68_FLety0O-n9QU6phsgw Colin Furze   
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCwFCb4jeqaKWnciAYM-ZVHg Cyprien Outdoor Adventures          
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCVls1GmFKf6WlTraIb_IaJg DistroTube 
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCUQo7nzH1sXVpzL92VesANw DIYPerks          
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCj7ML5-da-bCCcHz0ipUmYQ ExcessorizeMe
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCnD4jogYqIgUWY1ZYPU-Dew General Knowledge          
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCRE3NFNtdjR96-H4QG4U1Fg HexDSL                   
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC22BdTgxefuvUivrjesETjg HistoryMatters  
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCbsfyGlrjrKQC0gbzK0-EiA Jared Owen         
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCuCuEKq1xuRA0dFQj1qg9-Q Knowledgea
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCXl4fIN0Rix5lkbwQ0UI43w Konstantin           
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCsXVk37bltHxD1rDPwtNM8Q Kurtzgezagt              
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCljOhRB2a3sQgLCdK9CHQvQ LeafShadeSoftware              
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCdH_8mNJ9vzpHwMNwlz88Zw Lubach                   
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCBJycsmduvYEL83R_U4JriQ MKBHD                    
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCY1kMZp36IQSyNx_9h4mpCg MarkRober                
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCJ24N4O0bP7LGLBDvye7oCA MattDAvella              
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7YOGHUfC1Tb6E4pudI9STA MentalOutlaw                    
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC9aRTgvFLqnK1S0RsWZzlMw ModustrialMaker          
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCMiJRAwDNSNzuYeN2uWa0pA MrWhoseTheBoss           
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCMrMVIBtqFW6O0-MWq26gqw MyMechanics   
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCmxePybUpZj8RRuWz6r8uTQ Politievlogger Jan-Willem         
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCAL3JXZSzSm8AlZyD3nQdBA PrimitiveTechnology 
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCP5tjEmvPItGyLhmjdwP7Ww RealLifeLore
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC6107grRI4m0o2-emgoDnAA SmarteEveryDay           
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCQD-0MjUbDBwm2UTVYr0Dag Suibhne   
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2SMpy2oZV6BoyJEYShw9bw TA Outdoors                                           
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCjr2bPAyPV7t35MvcgT3W8Q TheHatedOne              
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCylGUf9BvQooEFjgdNudoQg TheLinuxCast             
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC5UAwBUum7CPN5buc-_N1Fw TheLinuxExperiment       
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCBa659QWEk1AI4Tg--mrJ2A TomScott               
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCHnyfMqiRRG1u-2MsSQLbXA Veritasium               
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCQL5ABUvwY7YoW5lgMyAS_w WheezyWaiter             
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCsnGwSIHyoYN0kiINAGUKxg Wolfgang                                 

https://jorisvandijk.com/feed/feed.xml Jorisvandijk.com
https://thelinuxcast.org/feed/feed.xml The Linux Cast Blog
