https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCRE3NFNtdjR96-H4QG4U1Fg HexDSL
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCylGUf9BvQooEFjgdNudoQg TheLinuxCast
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCs6KfncB4OV6Vug4o_bzijg TechLore
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCfp-lNJy4QkIGnaEE6NtDSg TerminalForLife
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCmw-QGOHbHA5cDAvwwqUTKQ Zaney
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCVls1GmFKf6WlTraIb_IaJg DistroTube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCld68syR8Wi-GY_n4CaoJGA BrodyRobertson
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCr3cBLTYmIK9kY0F_OdFWFQ CasuallyExplained
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCt_t6FwNsqr3WWoL6dFqG9w BrainCraft
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCK5R1BsMtGd4DtI5uGQRHIg BestDamnEDC
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCBq5p-xOla8xhnrbhu8AIAg Tech over tea
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2eYFnH61tmytImy1mTYvhA LukeSmith
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7YOGHUfC1Tb6E4pudI9STA MentalOutlaw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC03IjC3Ap9adSZfipyEMsgg Lena Elizabeth
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCAPR27YUyxmgwm3Wc2WSHLw Chris Ware
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCj7ML5-da-bCCcHz0ipUmYQ ExcessorizeMe
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCWr0mx597DnSGLFk1WfvSkQ KalleHallden
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCMiJRAwDNSNzuYeN2uWa0pA MrWhoseTheBoss
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCjr2bPAyPV7t35MvcgT3W8Q TheHatedOne
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCBJycsmduvYEL83R_U4JriQ MKBHD
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC9aRTgvFLqnK1S0RsWZzlMw ModustrialMaker
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCQL5ABUvwY7YoW5lgMyAS_w WheezyWaiter
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCJ24N4O0bP7LGLBDvye7oCA MattDAvella
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCsXVk37bltHxD1rDPwtNM8Q Kurtzgezagt
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC22BdTgxefuvUivrjesETjg HistoryMatters
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC5UAwBUum7CPN5buc-_N1Fw TheLinuxExperiment
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCSJPFQdZwrOutnmSFYtbstA The Critical drinker
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC6107grRI4m0o2-emgoDnAA SmarteEveryDay
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCBa659QWEk1AI4Tg--mrJ2A TomScott
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCHnyfMqiRRG1u-2MsSQLbXA Veritasium
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCsnGwSIHyoYN0kiINAGUKxg Wolfgang
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2C_jShtL725hvbm1arSV9w CGPGrey
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCljOhRB2a3sQgLCdK9CHQvQ LeafShadeSoftware
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCuXy5tCgEninup9cGplbiFw MissingSemester
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCY1kMZp36IQSyNx_9h4mpCg MarkRober
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCQD-0MjUbDBwm2UTVYr0Dag Suibhne
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCMrMVIBtqFW6O0-MWq26gqw MyMechanics
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCdH_8mNJ9vzpHwMNwlz88Zw Lubach
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCAL3JXZSzSm8AlZyD3nQdBA PrimitiveTechnology
